# Meeting Times/Dates

### September 11th. 1pm to 1:45pm.
* We discussed what mode of communication might be the best for our group and decided Slack would be a good option. We brainstormed a few questions that we might be able to ask Bruce to get a better idea on what he needs exactly. 
* Gathered group availability
* Scheduled another meeting before we sent the initial e-mail to our client
    
### September 15th. 3pm to 5pm.
* Brainstormed more questions that will help us get a better picture of the project
* Outlined an e-mail that we will send to our client.
* Planned our official meeting for Monday or Wednesday
    *Update: Meeting time has been confirmed for Wed. Sept. 19th at 2:30pm

### September 18th. 1:15pm to 1:45pm.
* Continued Brainstorming topics to bring up with the client. 
* Got information about Angular and how it makes creating an online app that works offline possible
* We were informed that this may be a tablet end-product and that it must work in said offline conditions
* Drew a rough sketch of what we might bring to the client. We also discussed that he may already have some ideas about what it should look like since this project was done last year as well.
* [Sketch](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/blob/master/Team_Notes_and_Documents/Sept_18_ClassMeeting.jpg)

### CLIENT MEETING: September 19th. 2:30pm to 3:40pm.
* The client first discussed what they wanted from the new system. They mentioned things about the previous attempt and even showed us the webpage that was used on the iPads in the buses. 
* We asked the questions we had prepared for the meeting.
* The client walked us through the process of inputting the data into excel spreadsheets to output the data in the format that they need. We witnessed first had how cumbersome the process can be. 
* We talked about the process of how we will gather data and proceed in iterations.
* [Link to documents gathered from meeting](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/tree/master/Team_Notes_and_Documents/Sept%2019th%20Client%20Meeting)

### September 24th. 10:30am to 11:45am.
* We discussed presentation material and made sure we can meet the criteria. 
* Talked a little more about Angular and how it might help us to do some testing on our own before we dive into prototypes for the project. 
* Came up with a few questions that we still need to ask our client about the project.
* Drew some more sketches and uploaded the material to Github for future reference. 
* [Associated Files](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/tree/master/Team_Notes_and_Files/Sept%2024th%20Group%20Meeting)
