# Meeting Dates/Times - Reverse Chronological 

### February 18th: 11:00pm to 11:35pm
* Decided on using Bootstrap.
* Decided on breaking the Desktop system into pages.
* Four initial pages: Managing stops, managing users, managing entries, managing loops.
* Page assignment: Taylor: Loops Keith: Entries Taneia: Users. 
* Stops will be decided as other pages are completed.
* considering using JQueryTable edit.

## ITERATION 1 CLIENT MEETING: February 15th: 3:30pm to 4:15
* We started the meeting with a demo of the Driver app.
* We taught them how to use it and displayed the offline functionality.
* After showing them on a computer, they wanted to try it with one of their iPads.
* Having them use the app brought us a lot of insight into how it will be used and brought a few bugs to our attention.
* They want us to change the fact that the driver would enter in their name to selecting their name from a drop down
  menu that can be edited by an admin.
* They offered to let us take an iPad with us so that we can test with their device.
* We came to the conclusion that we need to do some bug fixing before testing on a bus.
* We were told that when we were ready to test on a bus to call Bruce, and he would set us up with a trusted driver.
* They want the desktop system to have an option to look at the hourly breakdown of stops.
* They would like the Driver system to autoselect the next stop.
* They want us to consider having the loop selection changed to a seperate page, because buses rarely change loops.
* They want us to consider other options for selecting the amount of people getting on the bus for easier use.
* [Associated Files](#)

### February 13th: 4:10pm to 4:56pm

* Walked through our current source code to catch everyone up.
* Discussed the Desktop Interface and what direction we should take it. We focused on usability and how intuitive it should be.
* Shared information regarding development servers and backendless development. 
* Discussed the importance of getting your own work done on time to ensure the entire team doesn't fail. 

### February 6th: 4:00pm to 4:45pm

* Made a plan for this next iteration.
* Continued communications with Bruce.
* Discussed plans for the office front end.
* Assigned responsibility for the Office Front End

### February 1st: 4:00pm to 4:45pm

* Finished PowerPoint (without the client meeting).
* Continued communications with Bruce to set up the client meeting.
* Planned how we will present our project to Bruce.
* Ensured everyone was comfortable with both of the presentations.


### January 22nd: 4:10pm to 5:45pm
* Discussed the Student sympossium and any arrangements that might have to be made in order to attend. 
* Worked on adding buttons to the Mobile-front end
* Worked on adding a retry functionality to the form to compensate for unstable connections.
* Started our powerpoint for thursday's presentation.
* E-mailed Bruce to schedule a meeting before thursday.

### January 16th: 4:00pm to 4:45pm
* Discussed our current implementation with our professor. Decided to stick with Angular
* Refactored and cleaned the source code repository to simplify group development. 
* Database design prototype has been completed. Imported into a live mySQL server to test. 
* Talked about our next steps regarding our meeting with Bruce and what we should be be delivering to him. 
* Uploaded a development [sql file](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/blob/master/Resources/Create_Database_Dev.sql) for very basic testing of Angular forms/rxJS.
* Redesigned our HttpClient post request observable to make it less cluttered/ugly.

### January 6th: 3:00pm to 4:30pm
* Start creating semester plan
* Get reacquainted with what we need to do. 
* Talk about things we did over break.
* Discuss Github and the milestones
* Assigned our next step so weâ€™re all on the same page. 
* Discussed the workbox and the possibility of switching to a different technology. 
* Roughly mapped out our new schema. We will update our current documentation to reflect the changes and improvements. 

### December 6th: 1:30pm to 1:45pm
* Brief in class discussion on what our next steps are.
* Files attatched below show details on our plan for next semester.
* Discuss progress on our database design
* We will also be updating our requirements documents in our next meeting if all things go as planned.
* [Associated Files](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/tree/master/Team_Notes_and_Files/Dec_6th_Group_Meeting/)

## CLIENT MEETING: November 26th: 2:30pm to 2:54pm
* Showed Bruce our prototypes for the front and back end.
* We explained that we've been trying to get familar with the tools so didn't have much to look at.
* Bruce introduced more requirements that are low priority(don't have to do it if we don't have time).
* After the meeting, we think that the desktop user interface doesn't have to be written in angular since it doesn't need to have a way to index data in an offline state to be sent in an online state.
* [Associated Files](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/tree/master/Team_Notes_and_Files/Nov_26th_Client_Meeting/)

### November 19th: 4:00pm to 4:24pm
* Online meeting. We created a to-do list and what our next step is.
* We decided officially that we will be going with Angular.
* Set a date on when we should have the SQL schema complete.
* Backend API will be our first focus.

### November 17th: 10:30am to 12:00pm
* We ran through a tutorial online as a group https://phpenthusiast.com/blog/develop-angular-php-app-getting-the-list-of-items
* We discussed different ways to implement a service-worker in Angular to handle offline
* Continued working on and talked about the prototype.
* Set goal dates and e-mailed Bruce for a meeting.

### November 10th: 4:00pm to 5:41pm
* We discussed the feasibility of using Reactjs.
* We decided that we wanted to do more research into Angularjs.
* We decided that we would prefer to use Angularjs over Reactjs.
* We decided that we are still going to use Visual Studio Code.
* We discussed the possibility of using GitHub Desktop, but decided against it.
* We decided to use MySQL with MySQL Workbench.
* Design has been started on the MySQL database.
* We are going to do more research and tutorials for Angularjs before our next meeting.

### October 31st: 02:59pm to 3:57pm.
* Showed Bruce the domain model and the assosiated files to go with it. 
* We asked Bruce about the questions we had after our first meeting, to clear anything up.
* Discussed the documentation that we have right now as well as anything we added/improved. 
* Verified that the client didn't have any questions for us at this time. 
* Continued researching ways to create a prograssive, offline application. 
* [Associated Files](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/tree/master/Team_Notes_and_Files/Oct_31st_Group_Meeting/)

## CLIENT MEETING: October 24th. 01:57pm to 3:20pm.
* Showed Bruce the domain model and the assosiated files to go with it. 
* We asked Bruce about the questions we had after our first meeting, to clear anything up.
* Discussed the documentation that we have right now as well as anything we added/improved. 
* Verified that the client didn't have any questions for us at this time. 
* Continued researching ways to create a prograssive, offline application. 

### October 16th: 06:00pm to 8:48pm.
* Discussed and worked on Domain Modeling assignment.
* Continued talking about React and concearns any of us had. 

### October 13th: 06:03pm to 6:56pm.
* We had an online meeting where we gathered all of our data for the previous assignment and put it together. 
* We shared our experiences with the getting started tutorials for angular and react. 

### October 3rd: 02:00pm to 2:45pm.
* Met with the professor regarding a few questions 
* Spoke about switching from Angular to React. 

### September 27th: 07:00pm to 7:48pm.
* Discussed a few things that we need to ask the professor regarding IT and how we can access the database. 
* Came up with a game plan to stay ahead of the game and finish our requirements documents by collaborating over the weekend. 
* Discussed Angular once more and how we should all attempt the quickstart guide on the website to familiarize ourselves with how it works and how we might implement it in the future. 
* Spoke about prototypes 
* [Associated Files](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/tree/master/Team_Notes_and_Files/Sept%2027th%20Group%20Meeting)

### September 24th: 10:30am to 11:45am.
* We discussed presentation material and made sure we can meet the criteria. 
* Talked a little more about Angular and how it might help us to do some testing on our own before we dive into prototypes for the project. 
* Came up with a few questions that we still need to ask our client about the project.
* Drew some more sketches and uploaded the material to Github for future reference. 
* [Associated Files](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/tree/master/Team_Notes_and_Files/Sept%2024th%20Group%20Meeting)

## CLIENT MEETING: September 19th. 2:30pm to 3:40pm.
* The client first discussed what they wanted from the new system. They mentioned things about the previous attempt and even showed us the webpage that was used on the iPads in the buses. 
* We asked the questions we had prepared for the meeting.
* The client walked us through the process of inputting the data into excel spreadsheets to output the data in the format that they need. We witnessed first had how cumbersome the process can be. 
* We talked about the process of how we will gather data and proceed in iterations.
* [Link to documents gathered from meeting](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/tree/master/Team_Notes_and_Files/Sept%2019th%20Client%20Meeting)

### September 18th: 1:15pm to 1:45pm.
* Continued Brainstorming topics to bring up with the client. 
* Got information about Angular and how it makes creating an online app that works offline possible
* We were informed that this may be a tablet end-product and that it must work in said offline conditions
* Drew a rough sketch of what we might bring to the client. We also discussed that he may already have some ideas about what it should look like since this project was done last year as well.
* [Sketch](https://github.com/kdesimini/Bus-Shuttle-Log-Collection-System/blob/master/Team_Notes_and_Files/Sept%2018th%20Group%20Meeting/Sept_18_ClassMeeting.jpg)

### September 15th: 3:00pm to 5:00pm.
* Brainstormed more questions that will help us get a better picture of the project
* Outlined an e-mail that we will send to our client.
* Planned our official meeting for Monday or Wednesday
    *Update: Meeting time has been confirmed for Wed. Sept. 19th at 2:30pm

### September 11th: 1:00pm to 1:45pm.
* We discussed what mode of communication might be the best for our group and decided Slack would be a good option. We brainstormed a few questions that we might be able to ask Bruce to get a better idea on what he needs exactly. 
* Gathered group availability
* Scheduled another meeting before we sent the initial e-mail to our client
